# OpinionMining

OPINION MINING USING REAL TIME TWITTER TWEETS

This Opining Mining is done based on Twitter Tweets. Million people have primary focus on Social media platforms to share their own thoughts and opinions in regards to their day to day life, business, celebrity entertainments, polities etc. Opinion Mining defined as an Intersection of information retrieval techniques to deal with the opinions expressed in a document. The main goal is solving the problems related to opinions about Politian in newsgroup posts, products, review sites comments on the Facebook post, tweeterfeel blogging and twitter etc. Due to the high usage of internet to share thoughts and opinion rich web resources such as discussion representation, review sites, blogs and news web applications available in digital format , much of the current research is give the attention on the area of Subjective Analysis. 
Twitter is a real-time information network and microblogging service that allows users to post updates. The service rapidly gained worldwide popularity that connects to the latest stories, ideas, opinions, and news. It is a powerful tool for real-time way of communicating with people by combining messages that are quick to write, easy to read, public and accessible anywhere. On Twitter anyone can read, write and share messages or tweets. Opinion mining is a type of natural language processing for tracking the mood of the public about a particular product. Opinion mining, which is also called sentiment analysis, involves building a system to collect and examine opinions about the product made in blog posts, comments, reviews or tweets. Social media plays an important role in inferring the opinion of the authors. In this paper we focused on tweets that will result in analysing the view of the public on generally discussed topics. A tweets puller is developed that automatically collects random opinions and classifier tool that performs classifications on that corpus collected from Twitter. Our classification is based on features extracted and classified into POSITIVE, NEGATIVE and NEUTRAL.
